this is the top of a line hi bike extre
Oh
all Mountain Pro part of the excel group
they have izip e flow and now the high
bike this thing is just intense with all
the features starting off with the drop
seat so the way this works is you press
this little button and the seat will
drop with your weight on it so let's say
you're going down you want to hit some
jumps and you don't want to get racked
on that seat you can drop it real quick
while you're riding super cool feature
but be careful I've hit that thing while
I was riding and it pops up in it and
that's not very fun let's look at the
brakes here XO trail just oversized
discs awesome hydraulic front and rear
we've got the iodine three rims I mean
they're just super lightweight beautiful
looking things here
this is really just top top-of-the-line
and that's reflected in the price at
seventy eight hundred dollars beautiful
Fox shock long travel in the front with
lockout no walk out on the mid shock but
it's got kind of that that sensitivity
settings so that as you're going it's
not meant to drop as you're climbing
beautiful this has the bosch mid drive
system that's becoming more and more
popular it's actually a 350 watt mid
drive right here battery powering it is
36 volts about 11 amp hour pack so 400
watt hours removable so you can charge
it at the office if you want to just a
plastic you know bash guard under here
which you know I kind of question a
little bit but that's you know pretty
high you're not you're not hanging down
there actually because the front ring is
is relatively small see that there just
kind of pulls you along and I got to
ride this at outdoor demo day at
Interbike 2013 and it was a ton of fun
just one of the best systems really
smooth and some people might be thinking
like you know
electric mountain bike like how does
that work how does that feel and I've
got to say it it feels great
especially when you're passed and people
going up those hills are like me I've
kind of got like a knee injury so you
know it it made some of those steeper
trails accessible to me which I really
enjoyed
great pedals on this thing it's just a
beautiful bike I mean it's hard not to
appreciate all the high-end components
that go into this and I really like the
display so its front and center super
big and it's kind of got a breakout box
here where you can you can go through
the info check out the trip time range
which it actually helps you calculate
how far it thinks you can go and then
kind of your current battery use
odometer trip distance clock max speed
average speed trip time I mean it's just
got a ton of a ton of options in there
and then you can you can dial up or down
pedal assist so this bike does not have
twist throttle like some of the izip
bikes that I was most checking out at
the show but the pedal assist works very
very well it's natural and this is a
bike for someone who wants to enjoy
actually riding and pedal assist extends
the range so not necessarily a bad thing
got all the cables and stuff fully
integrated into the frame right there
beautiful so I'm just going to take this
out pop on and show you how that how
that motor looks when it's turn let's go
so I'm going to start off with zero
pedal assist
there's 11 speeds to choose from in this
rear cassette SRAM exosystem trigger
shifter here we go
oh yeah some kind of a harder gear I
know how to shift it as well
it carries the weight one - nice and
soft
I like the shocks okay - I'm going to
shift it up a little bit and try going
through the different modes so I up one
this is Niko little bit of a moose
yeah you can hear the thing whirring a
little bit but I've got to say that the
torque sensing is really quick really
smooth so as soon as you start pedaling
it kicks in as soon as you stop it stops
beautiful beautiful discs it's hard to
illustrate how well this thing works
just out on a you know I'm riding on a
track at Interbike but I did have the
chance to try this out on the trails in
outdoor demo day and it works great I
mean the Boche system is awesome
definitely top of the line
look just immediately takes off it's
very agile just I can barely push on
this and it barely pushes back it's not
like it's taking off it responds almost
immediately and the bike handles very
well
[Music]
[Applause]
I'm gonna try to climb up a little bit
more oh yeah
area testing the full suspension
[Applause]
so there you go little test ride
one of the benefits of this mid-drive
system like this so you keep all the
weight low to the ground centered on the
bike and that just makes it even easier
to pedal around when you're going you
know climbing a hill taking some jumps
may be going down navigating rocks and
of course it makes it so much easier to
change a flat or to service the bike you
don't have to worry about a hub motor
getting in the way and tightening it a
certain you know all these different
specs that you and the cables and
everything I really think this is this
kind of the future of especially a
mountain bikes electric mountain bikes
the other thing about having a rear
suspension in and trying to use like a
hub motor is that you're adding weight
to the system that arm that's going to
go up and down and it just you know it
works out all right there are other
bikes that I've really enjoyed like the
easy motion neo jumper it's a full
suspension it's got a rear gear hub
motor but you know you're paying more
for a system like this and I got to say
I think it performs really really well
so this is an awesome bike it's the high
bike extra all-mountain pro for the full
written review pictures more info check
out electricbikereview.com i'll see you
there